Features
Includes new localizations for German and Finnish.
Updates the included version of Harlowe to 1.2.2.
Updates the included version of Snowman to 1.3.0.
Updates the included version of SugarCube to 1.3.4.
Bugfixes
Resolves several problems in 2.0.10 with Linux.
Improves link drawing of certain setter links.
Harlowe 1.2.2 changes
Updated the syntax highlighter: placing the cursor on a syntactic token (such as a variable, or an entire hook) will underline the full expanse of that token.
Fixed a bug where the (textstyle:) options “shudder”, “rumble” and “fade-in-out”, as well as all of (transition:)'s options, didn't work at all.
Fixed a long-standing bug where (mouseover:) affected elements didn't have a visual indicator that they could be moused-over (a dotted underline).
Fixed the (move:) macro corrupting past turns (breaking the in-game undo functionality) when it deletes array or datamap items.
Fixed the ⇐== (left-align) markup token erasing the next syntactic structure to follow it.
Fixed a bug where attempting to print datamaps using (print:) produced a Javascript error.
Fixed a long-standing bug where spreading … datasets did not, in fact, arrange their values in sort order, but instead in parameter order.
Fixed a long-standing bug where a string containing an unmatched `)` inside a macro would abruptly terminate the macro.
Giving an empty string to a macro that affects or alters all occurrences of the string in the passage text, such as (replace:) or (click:), will now result in an error (because it otherwise won't affect any part of the passage).